docs/sprint_B/us_6.1.4/readme.md, before:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764"/>

# 6.1.5 - As Admin, i want synchronization between the information about staff´s availability and operation and the plan generated by the Planning module

## 1. Context

 `Description:` As Admin, I want the information about staff’s availability and operation schedule to be in sync with the plan generated by the planning module.

 `Sprint:` This US makes part of the first stage of development of the integrative project of this semester, Sprint B.

`Objectives:` This user story aims to synchronize the information about staff’s availability and operation schedule with the plan generated by the planning module.

## Level 1

[![Level 1 Diagram](level_1/svg/level_1.svg)](level_1/puml/level_1.puml)

## Level 2

[![Level 2 Diagram](level_2/svg/level_2.svg)](level_2/puml/level_2.puml)

## Level 3

[![Level 3 Diagram](level_3/svg/level_3.svg)](level_3/puml/level_3.puml)

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764&section=footer"/>

Commit message:

ref #2 Project Documentation
- Added folders and README's for each US that needs documentation

docs/sprint_B/us_6.1.4/readme.md, after:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764"/>

# 6.1.4 - As Admin, I want the synchronization between information of the Planning and the Backoffice modules

## 1. Context

 `Description:` As Admin, I want the information about healthcare staff, operation types, and operation requests used in the planning module to be in sync with the information entered in the backoffice module.

 `Sprint:` This US makes second of the first stage of development of the integrative project of this semester, Sprint B.

`Objectives:` This user story aims to develop the synchronization between the information of the Planning and the Backoffice modules, so that the information about healthcare staff, operation types, and operation requests used in the planning module is in sync with the information entered in the backoffice module.

## Level 1

[![Level 1 Diagram](level_1/svg/level_1.svg)](level_1/puml/level_1.puml)

## Level 2

[![Level 2 Diagram](level_2/svg/level_2.svg)](level_2/puml/level_2.puml)

## Level 3

[![Level 3 Diagram](level_3/svg/level_3.svg)](level_3/puml/level_3.puml)

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764&section=footer"/>
