docs/global-artifacts/01.requirements-engineering/Glossary.md, before:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764"/>

# Glossary

**Terms, Expressions and Acronyms (TEA) are sorted alphabetically**

| _`TEA(EN)`_             | _`Description(EN)`_                                                                                                                   |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **User**                | Represents an individual using the system with distinct roles (e.g., Patient, Staff), enabling personalized access and management.    |
| **Patient**             | An individual receiving medical treatment, tracked within the system for accurate record-keeping and care continuity.                 |
| **Staff**               | Medical or administrative personnel responsible for patient care, scheduling, or facility management.                                 |
| **Specialization**      | Medical field expertise (e.g., Cardiology, Orthopedics) used to assign the correct staff and resources to each patient and operation. |
| **OperationRequest**    | A formal request for surgery, detailing necessary medical information, priority level, and scheduling needs for patient treatment.    |
| **OperationType**       | Specific type of surgical procedure (e.g., Appendectomy, Heart Bypass), including estimated duration and specialized staff needs.     |
| **Appointment**         | Scheduled instance of a surgical operation, including assigned room, date, time, and relevant patient and staff information.          |
| **SurgeryRoom**         | Designated space within the facility equipped for surgical procedures, managed for optimal resource allocation and readiness.         |
| **Username**            | Unique identifier used for user authentication, ensuring secure access to system functions and data.                                  |
| **Role**                | Designation of user responsibility within the system (e.g., Patient, Doctor), guiding access levels and actions available.            |
| **DateOfBirth**         | Patient’s birth date, essential for identifying records and managing age-specific medical protocols.                                  |
| **Gender**              | Patient’s gender, used for personalized care and adherence to medical standards where relevant.                                       |
| **MedicalRecordNumber** | Unique identifier for a patient's medical history, ensuring accurate tracking and record integrity.                                   |
| **LicenseNumber**       | Unique identifier for staff members’ medical license, ensuring qualified personnel manage and perform medical procedures.             |
| **AvailabilititySlots** | Defined working times for staff members, used to align surgery and appointment scheduling with staff availability.                    |
| **SpecializationID**    | Unique identifier for medical specialization, ensuring the correct expertise is matched with patient needs.                           |
| **Designation**         | Label for a specific medical specialization or focus area, simplifying resource and staff assignments.                                |
| **OperationRequestID**  | Unique identifier for each surgical request, allowing for precise tracking from scheduling to operation completion.                   |
| **DeadlineDate**        | Latest acceptable date for a surgical procedure, based on patient needs and medical urgency.                                          |
| **Priority**            | Level of urgency for a surgical request, aiding in optimized scheduling and resource allocation based on patient needs.               |
| **OperationTypeID**     | Identifier for a specific operation type, enabling streamlined scheduling and specialized preparation for each procedure.             |
| **OperationName**       | Name of the specific surgical procedure, ensuring clarity in planning, preparation, and patient records.                              |
| **EstimatedDuration**   | Anticipated time for a surgery, allowing for precise scheduling and resource allocation across operations.                            |
| **AppointmentID**       | Unique identifier for a scheduled operation, tracking all related details for efficient management and record-keeping.                |
| **DateAndTime**         | Scheduled time and date for an operation, allowing seamless coordination between staff, patients, and resources.                      |
| **Status**              | Current state of an appointment (e.g., confirmed, pending), essential for tracking and communicating scheduling updates.              |
| **RoomNumber**          | Identifier for a surgery room, ensuring patients and staff are correctly directed and facilities are prepared.                        |
| **Type**                | Specification of the surgery room type (e.g., general, specialized), guiding equipment and resource preparation for procedures.       |
| **Capacity**            | Maximum occupancy of a surgery room, assisting in resource planning and patient and staff management.                                 |
| **AssignedEquipment**   | Listing of essential medical equipment in a surgery room, ensuring necessary tools are ready for each operation.                      |
| **CurrentStatus**       | Availability status of a surgery room (e.g., occupied, available), optimizing room usage and scheduling.                              |
| **FirstName**           | Patient’s or staff’s first name, supporting accurate identification and record integrity.                                             |
| **LastName**            | Patient’s or staff’s last name, supporting accurate identification and record integrity.                                              |
| **FullName**            | Combined first and last name, used for clear reference in records and communication.                                                  |
| **Email**               | Contact email for users, facilitating secure communication and notifications.                                                         |
| **PhoneNumber**         | Contact number for patients and staff, aiding in direct communication and appointment coordination.                                   |

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764&section=footer"/>

Commit message:

ref #2 Updated project general documentation

docs/global-artifacts/01.requirements-engineering/Glossary.md, after:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764"/>

# Glossary

**Terms, Expressions and Acronyms (TEA) are sorted alphabetically**

| _`TEA(EN)`_             | _`Description(EN)`_                                                                                                                   |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **User**                | Represents an individual using the system with distinct roles (e.g., Patient, Staff), enabling personalized access and management.    |
| **Patient**             | An individual receiving medical treatment, tracked within the system for accurate record-keeping and care continuity.                 |
| **Staff**               | Medical or administrative personnel responsible for patient care, scheduling, or facility management.                                 |
| **Specialization**      | Medical field expertise (e.g., Cardiology, Orthopedics) used to assign the correct staff and resources to each patient and operation. |
| **OperationRequest**    | A formal request for surgery, detailing necessary medical information, priority level, and scheduling needs for patient treatment.    |
| **OperationType**       | Specific type of surgical procedure (e.g., Appendectomy, Heart Bypass), including estimated duration and specialized staff needs.     |
| **Appointment**         | Scheduled instance of a surgical operation, including assigned room, date, time, and relevant patient and staff information.          |
| **SurgeryRoom**         | Designated space within the facility equipped for surgical procedures, managed for optimal resource allocation and readiness.         |
| **Username**            | Unique identifier used for user authentication, ensuring secure access to system functions and data.                                  |
| **Role**                | Designation of user responsibility within the system (e.g., Patient, Doctor), guiding access levels and actions available.            |
| **DateOfBirth**         | Patient’s birth date, essential for identifying records and managing age-specific medical protocols.                                  |
| **Gender**              | Patient’s gender, used for personalized care and adherence to medical standards where relevant.                                       |
| **MedicalRecordNumber** | Unique identifier for a patient's medical history, ensuring accurate tracking and record integrity.                                   |
| **LicenseNumber**       | Unique identifier for staff members’ medical license, ensuring qualified personnel manage and perform medical procedures.             |
| **AvailabilititySlots** | Defined working times for staff members, used to align surgery and appointment scheduling with staff availability.                    |
| **SpecializationID**    | Unique identifier for medical specialization, ensuring the correct expertise is matched with patient needs.                           |
| **Designation**         | Label for a specific medical specialization or focus area, simplifying resource and staff assignments.                                |
| **OperationRequestID**  | Unique identifier for each surgical request, allowing for precise tracking from scheduling to operation completion.                   |
| **DeadlineDate**        | Latest acceptable date for a surgical procedure, based on patient needs and medical urgency.                                          |
| **Priority**            | Level of urgency for a surgical request, aiding in optimized scheduling and resource allocation based on patient needs.               |
| **OperationTypeID**     | Identifier for a specific operation type, enabling streamlined scheduling and specialized preparation for each procedure.             |
| **OperationName**       | Name of the specific surgical procedure, ensuring clarity in planning, preparation, and patient records.                              |
| **EstimatedDuration**   | Anticipated time for a surgery, allowing for precise scheduling and resource allocation across operations.                            |
| **AppointmentID**       | Unique identifier for a scheduled operation, tracking all related details for efficient management and record-keeping.                |
| **DateAndTime**         | Scheduled time and date for an operation, allowing seamless coordination between staff, patients, and resources.                      |
| **Status**              | Current state of an appointment (e.g., confirmed, pending), essential for tracking and communicating scheduling updates.              |
| **RoomNumber**          | Identifier for a surgery room, ensuring patients and staff are correctly directed and facilities are prepared.                        |
| **Type**                | Specification of the surgery room type (e.g., general, specialized), guiding equipment and resource preparation for procedures.       |
| **Capacity**            | Maximum occupancy of a surgery room, assisting in resource planning and patient and staff management.                                 |
| **AssignedEquipment**   | Listing of essential medical equipment in a surgery room, ensuring necessary tools are ready for each operation.                      |
| **CurrentStatus**       | Availability status of a surgery room (e.g., occupied, available), optimizing room usage and scheduling.                              |
| **FirstName**           | Patient’s or staff’s first name, supporting accurate identification and record integrity.                                             |
| **LastName**            | Patient’s or staff’s last name, supporting accurate identification and record integrity.                                              |
| **FullName**            | Combined first and last name, used for clear reference in records and communication.                                                  |
| **Email**               | Contact email for users, facilitating secure communication and notifications.                                                         |
| **PhoneNumber**         | Contact number for patients and staff, aiding in direct communication and appointment coordination.                                   |
| **MedicalHistory**      | Comprehensive record of a patient's medical background, including allergies, conditions, and family history.                          |
| **Allergies**           | Specific allergic reactions a patient has, documented for safe medical treatment.                                                     |
| **MedicalConditions**   | Chronic or acute medical issues a patient has, tracked for ongoing care and treatment.                                                |
| **Code**                | Unique identifier for allergies or medical conditions, ensuring precise documentation and reference.                                  |
| **Name**                | The name of an allergy or medical condition, used for clear identification and communication.                                          |
| **Description**         | Detailed explanation of an allergy or medical condition, aiding in understanding and treatment.                                       |
| **Symptoms**            | Observable effects of an allergy or medical condition, documented for accurate diagnosis and care.                                    |
| **FamilyHistory**       | Record of medical issues in a patient's family, used to assess risk and inform treatment.                                              |
| **FreeText**            | Additional notes or information in a patient's medical history, providing context and details.                                         |


<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=120&color=4E1764&section=footer"/>
